# Team BLABLA

## Research

Having two different project initially, we tried to each map out the themes we found important to keep in mind when making the experience:

- Key/Activation
- Phygital
- Tactile/Card
- Education
- History of cards

From this, we decided to create a storybox of the history of playing cards. Giving the user some short curated, playful stories.
short

1.  The card suits/creation of cards

    **goal:** learn the different suits that exist/ finding yourself

    A blank (white, without any illustrations) card wakes up and opens their wardrobe deciding what they should wear on that day. Goes through the suits of different countries, etc...
    (eating=getting bigger)

2.  The court cards/birthday party

    **goal:** each figure was linked to a famous person

    Jules César organizes his birthday party and invites the other named court cards. The user becomes the security guard at the birthday and checks for the invitations of the guests (they come with their personal card, as their name is written on it)

3.  The ban on cards/hide your card

    **goal:** learn that playing cards was not always associated to fun and games (place du divertissement dans la société)

    A grandpa recalls a memory of his life when playing cards was a banned activity. We go back to the 14th century, when the ban happened.

4.  Printing process/the search of the lost sign

    **goal:** learn the different printing types/processes of playing cards through the years

    The queen of clubs (regina - wink wink to anecdote) is lost in the printing process in the 18th century. The printer goes back in time, but goes too far back where the cards are still illustrated by hand (mamluk don't have the figures or even queen). He then goes century to century to try and find the sign.

    (note to self: prehistoric joke)

## Mini Stories

A narrative experience, grouping multiple hidden stories of playing cards. The user can choose one or multiple stories to interact with.

## Keyword

STORIES

## User Journey

## Novel Combinations

- Narration
- Intervention
- Actor
